sponsor sponsor yes ah ah ah finally aim
controllers dot-com baby that's right
they designed a controller it's very
premium look at that it matches it
matches my chair not only can you
customize your own design and make it
very sexy like this one but it also
feels very premium it's got all these
kinds of textures on it you know it just
feels good in your hands what can I say
what's cool about this is that you guys
are gonna be able I'm giving you this
opportunity that's right
to design the official this is just a
prototype
the official design of the PewDiePie
controller which will be sold worldwide
baby so check out the link description
for this webpage it works better on
computer basically it's very simple you
can just upload any picture see already
this looks insanely good you can
customize the grip texture color you can
customize the paddles in the back later
anything on this baby you can customize
so I want you guys to be creative you
can be artistic you can make mean worthy
ones can even change the text on the
back in the front and write whatever
I'll write my gamertag I love ask too
I'll pick the winner next week so submit
your designs and again things aim
controllers comm for sponsoring this
video very nice product check it out now
without further ado let's jump into it
leave your entries in us
[Music]
all right sends reddit has changed now
I'm just gonna go from top to bottom
from now on instead of fighting an
Indian why not become one
I am NOT Indian by the way thank you for
clarifying I am an Indian and this is on
trending here don't worry kids we got
just title your next video as Jai Hindi
hail India and put the Indian flag in
the thumbnail and click bait the title
as I am half Indian watch it blow up I
feel like this is a bait to put me in
trouble but I also think it's a great
click bang so it cancels out alright
we'll try this out you better not be
trolling me I swear to God in case you
don't know the context that's right this
channel is at war
we're at war everybody against the
Indian the Indian Channel t-series is
about to overtake this channel in just
the span of a few months
giant humility is a virtue I don't want
to be the biggest channel that is right
it must be I'm pretty sure there's a lot
of comment a lot of channels more
appropriate than me to be number one and
I'm pretty sure it's not me and I'm
pretty sure it's not t-series ok this
guy said it was his last day sorry
McDonald's merch that is awesome upgrade
absolute mother I finally made it into
the Y and made PewDiePie smile I will
cherish this moment forever that is not
a smile ok
I didn't smile ok so whatever whatever
moment of happiness you got just delete
it ok cuz it gave me nothing nothing you
said only why he would bring it back
maybe he forgot let's remind him again
oh yeah next week ok we're doing the
we're doing the controller thing or I
list
do that first then the week after we'll
do the green screen okay what is this
this is not PewDiePie Lord okay
out of all things that we put in the
videos to create Lord this this is what
you're focusing yeah okay no you got us
they we have to I get the joke but for
real why does the mirror the video it's
obviously a call or help okay
I don't mirror the video for anything it
means nothing
okay stop reading into nothing cheese
sense the absolute mad line gave myself
a ticket so that they won't okay this is
not worthy of absolute man line mad
knives perhaps okay I do this all the
time that's right if you ever get a
ticket just save it and then put it on
your car so you won't get another one
although it doesn't work cuz they give
you another one anyway lick my diet of
ninja what's you know he's married right
the Curious Case of Felix Shelburne late
2017 early 2018
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah he's becoming
part of the nine year old army himself
once we have defeated all the Indians
and I have transformed into a nine roll
myself I shall become more powerful than
you can possibly imagine
this is how we count years undefeated Pi
Channel ten years old nine years old
plus one bonus year bonus year that's
right I am nine plus twenty one bonus
years damn I'm really old Jesus wait
twenty now wait 1919 bones you math how
does it work nineteen I said 19 I said
shut up the gang is all here we are all
taking a stance against the Indians on
YouTube t-series must be stopped
this is
just some sort of joke okay it's not
just about me being the biggest
subscribe channel it's about doing
what's right we have mr. beast on our
site we have we apparently Jake Pauly's
on our site
Vladimir Putin all right fine k
myung-hoon
I didn't know he had a Twitter Logan
Paul is on our side Wow amazing
thank you what a strong army of
nine-year-olds petition to change up
votes and down votes into brofist and
teeth series petition denied okay but
then Australians will have brofist as
down vote with the wedding getting
closer let's remind stop reminding me of
stuff I say a lot of things okay stop
hopping what I say now oh it's this one
have to wear a full-body leotard on your
wedding day or have the person you are
marrying where the food please guys
please no all right you can remind me
all you want the date hasn't happened
yet I never back out on my word I'm a
man of my word I always do everything I
say I will
anyone any of y'all think mr. B's should
make a video of him making ten a hundred
thousand YouTube accounts to subscribe
to cutie pie the advice somebody wants
me to do this boat what these nine year
old son realizes I've been doing this
all along how do you think he became one
well do a better job then Jesus Christ
mr. Beach
please amp up the pace man come on oh
there it is someone already made it for
me
perfect it looks awful but I'll take it
I'll take it scientists have developed
the first telescoping contact lens this
lens is capable of zooming your vision
three times all we asked for was to exit
YouTube while playing music oh my god
it was me all alone does anyone know
what happened to this channel like
they're just deleting their videos now
of why what is the reason there is an
Indian conspiracy I swear it eats I
don't like this
who's voting for t-series what is things
[Music]
actual footage of pdp-10 lifting teen
series since t series is kind of like
indian vivo it doesn't count
yes it does yeah we need to stop before
it's too late people are talking about t
series like it will take over and that's
a name Indiana striking next time
okay that's it for this week's Lawai as
always thank you guys for posing all the
memes i very much appreciate it it's
always fun I'm so proud that we had this
community and I can't wait to see where
you guys are gonna submit for the aim
controller design should we do the
highest voted one wins I feel like that
one just makes it I don't know yeah sure
let's do that
thanks for smashing like and subscribing
I'll see you guys tomorrow with another
video
[Music]